src/docs/asciidoc/plato_architecture_doc.adoc, before:

:include_dir: architecture
:include_dir: plantuml

= Plato Architecture: Documentation
:toc-title: Contents
:toc: preambule
:description: Document to explain the architectural view of plato and recommendation for dev
:sectnums:

include::{include_dir}/diagrams.adoc[]

== Microservices

== Autocontrol communication

:icons: font

// Set new URI for reference to FontAwesome CSS
:iconfont-cdn: //maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/font-awesome/4.1.0/css/font-awesome.min.css

=== Message Broker RPC + Outbox pattern

image::../diagrams/MixRPCEvent.png[]

==== Communication autocontrol to plato.
When the information is getting from Autocontrol, the Autocontrol Proxy Service send information on a Rabbit MQ Queue.
Plato Service is listening to the queue for new messages, when a message is coming, it consumes the message.
BackOffice respond to the message by using RPC method of Rabbit.

==== Communication Plato to autocontrol
In that case, we can use Plato Outbox (use to send information from Plato Event to other system, as Datawarehouse)
The Autocontrol Proxy Service can subscribe to the outbox service and process the event for send UPDATE to Autocontrol.

==== Communication with autocontrol with a file

image::../diagrams/CommunicationDocument.png[]

==== Autocontrol Event Process

===== Classes Model

image::../plantuml/Processor_Event_Autocontrol_Diagram.png[]

- All event received by using the reader of springbatch, are processed with the ItemProcessEvent class.
- Then, following the eventType of the event, the event is process by a class that implement the ProcessorEventService interface
- In the plato backoffice side, there are command classes corresponding to autocontrol event

===== Sequence diagrams

====== Event ANNEXE_DOCUMENT_ADDED


image::../plantuml/annexe_autocontrolToPlato.png[]

image::../plantuml/annexe_document_add_ProxyToPlato_WithClass.png[]

Commit message:

Update diagram add annexe from plato to autocontrol

src/docs/asciidoc/plato_architecture_doc.adoc, after:

:include_dir: architecture
:include_dir: plantuml

= Plato Architecture: Documentation
:toc-title: Contents
:toc: preambule
:description: Document to explain the architectural view of plato and recommendation for dev
:sectnums:

include::{include_dir}/diagrams.adoc[]

== Microservices

== Autocontrol communication

:icons: font

// Set new URI for reference to FontAwesome CSS
:iconfont-cdn: //maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/font-awesome/4.1.0/css/font-awesome.min.css

=== Message Broker RPC + Outbox pattern

image::../diagrams/MixRPCEvent.png[]

==== Communication autocontrol to plato.
When the information is getting from Autocontrol, the Autocontrol Proxy Service send information on a Rabbit MQ Queue.
Plato Service is listening to the queue for new messages, when a message is coming, it consumes the message.
BackOffice respond to the message by using RPC method of Rabbit.

==== Communication Plato to autocontrol
In that case, we can use Plato Outbox (use to send information from Plato Event to other system, as Datawarehouse)
The Autocontrol Proxy Service can subscribe to the outbox service and process the event for send UPDATE to Autocontrol.

==== Communication with autocontrol with a file

image::../diagrams/CommunicationDocument.png[]

==== Autocontrol Event Process

===== Classes Model

image::../plantuml/Processor_Event_Autocontrol_Diagram.png[]

- All event received by using the reader of springbatch, are processed with the ItemProcessEvent class.
- Then, following the eventType of the event, the event is process by a class that implement the ProcessorEventService interface
- In the plato backoffice side, there are command classes corresponding to autocontrol event

===== Sequence diagrams

====== Event ANNEXE_DOCUMENT_ADDED (Autocontrol to Plato)


image::../plantuml/annexe_autocontrolToPlato.png[]

image::../plantuml/annexe_document_add_ProxyToPlato_WithClass.png[]

====== Inspector add document(s) to one or more pharmacy (Plato to Autocontrol)

image::../plantuml/annexe_PlatoToAutocontrol.png[]
